<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Epigraph</title>
		<link href="../css/book.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
			<blockquote>
				<p>
					All in the golden afternoon

					Full leisurely we glide;

					For both our oars, with little skill,

					By little arms are plied;

					While little hands make vain pretence

					Our wanderings to guide.
				</p></blockquote>
				<blockquote><p>
					Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour,

					Beneath such dreamy weather,

					To beg a tale of breath too weak

					To stir the tiniest feather!

					Yet what can one poor voice avail

					Against three tongues together?
				</p></blockquote>
				<blockquote><p>
					Imperious Prima flashes forth

					Her edict “to begin it”:

					In gentler tones Secunda hopes

					“There will be nonsense in it.”

					While Tertia interrupts the tale

					Not _more_ than once a minute.
				</p></blockquote>
				<blockquote><p>
					Anon, to sudden silence won,

					In fancy they pursue

					The dream-child moving through a land

					Of wonders wild and new,

					In friendly chat with bird or beast⁠—

					And half believe it true.
				</p></blockquote>
				<blockquote><p>
					And ever, as the story drained

					The wells of fancy dry,

					And faintly strove that weary one

					To put the subject by,

					“The rest next time⁠—” “It _is_ next time!”

					The happy voices cry.
				</p></blockquote>
				<blockquote><p>
					Thus grew the tale of Wonderland:

					Thus slowly, one by one,

					Its quaint events were hammered out⁠—

					And now the tale is done,

					And home we steer, a merry crew,

					Beneath the setting sun.
				</p></blockquote>
				<blockquote><p>
					Alice! A childish story take,

					And with a gentle hand

					Lay it where Childhood’s dreams are twined

					In Memory’s mystic band,

					Like pilgrim’s withered wreath of flowers

					Pluck’d in a far-off land.
				</p></blockquote>


	</body>
</html>
